hey guys this is tech tutorial guide and
today I'm going to be continuing my
YouTube tips and tricks series talking
about the new channel layout that came
out recently I'm going to be showing you
how to get it and the best ways to
advertise yourself through it ok let's
get started the first the way to get it
you go to youtube.com slash one channel
and you click on get the new design once
you have in the design is time to start
editing it one of the biggest new things
is the unsubscribed trailer I'll go
ahead and add one I have already made a
video to put here um I'll show you what
this is low in a second this right here
the unsubscribe trailer will only show
when someone comes on to your channel
who is not subscribed to you it is an
excellent chance to just advertise
yourself to people to show them what
kind of videos you make and to give them
lots of reasons to subscribe to you I've
already made a video listing out stuff
like that and if you want to know some
more ideas for what to do just watch you
can watch my video if you want some best
practices though are to keep it short
and action packed by action packed I
mean list what you have to say and get
out of there people who are not
subscribed to you are even more likely
to leave a video before it's done than
people who are another idea for this
when you choose this video you're
choosing one of the videos you've
already uploaded to YouTube so most
people they'll just upload a video and
then choose it not realizing that
everyone else is going to be able to see
it it's not going to just be shown there
so you could go and you could search for
it and you could find or your
subscribers you are already your
subscribers would be able to see it in
their subscription box when it comes up
and I think that's just weird if they've
already subscribed you they should not
have to see a video telling and why they
should subscribe so what you can do is
you can make the video private you can
still click it but the only way they can
find it pretty much is if there you go
to your channel that's what I've done
you won't be able to find my video
unless you go to my channel homepage if
your subscriber who comes to the channel
instead of getting the up subscribe
trailer you'll get the subscriber view
what you'll have a what to watch next
video which you will choose you can put
here to advertise like you can advertise
the best video or video you want to get
a lot of use whatever you like and it
also shows recent activity so your last
couple uploads then it still has on your
sections okay besides that we have the
sections sections are very coolest like
is pretty much playlist but you
so upload stuff like your most popular
up uploads and you most people are doing
the horizontal row you can have a
playlist fool your most popular uploads
you could just have a single playlist
and then you'd have to choose which
playlist on YouTube tips and tricks this
is what this one is i'll be adding this
video in here soon enough but see you
can have those here it's a great way one
of the ones i did for a different
channel of mine is i made a playlist
called best of the channel name that's a
great way to put especially if you put
it up on the top you can just show
everyone the best stuff you if they
decide to watch it it's a great way to
help people subscribe another thing is
the channel art you might have noticed
that there is no background anymore that
has been confined to the top corner now
a lot of people are using this is the
main reason they hate the new design but
if you think about it is quite ingenious
see beforehand I mean I know backgrounds
are cool and all but it didn't really do
much except look there now it's
emphasized and you'll click on links
here i'm gonna add some links of other
points such as like a subscribe link or
whatever going to do and everyone can
have links not just superpartner people
at least a some agree you can't just
have wherever but you have links corners
you also have your channel picture and
just whatever picture you want to make
I've already made one but i'll show you
just hit edit channel art upload your
photo by mine is called channel art for
tech tutorial guide and once it uploads
which takes a second i'm not going to do
it cuz i already have it uploaded but
that's how it goes what just happened
over here I don't know nothing okay
anyways there's also the About section
this is what this is pretty much the
same thing as the old About section but
it's now not on the homepage and when
you go to where it is there's more room
so if you see over here there's quite a
lot of room to write all kinds of stuff
and you can add some links here at the
bottom it also lists your own channel
stats which is pretty cool you can also
advertise for other channels if you are
going to use this to edit your channel
make sure you leave a comment saying so
so I can check your channel out I'm very
curious to see what you'll do that's it
for today guys thank you for watching if
your tube comes out with a new design
definitely going to make a video on it
so make sure you click the subscribe
button and won't even cost you a cent
and you'll be notified whenever I make a
new video until next time guys this is
tech tutorial